before deploying you should get into my S. A. you're downsizing so think
about havin a say a two bedroom apartment full of items and now you're
being limited to a two foot lockers and a B. what things do you
absolutely need that you can't live without for the next nine months
a lot of people decide to bring you know say three or four says you
know liberty close gym clothes for working out because you still
have to stay in some some sort of shape a lot of people get care or
have room for care packages safelite protein peanut butter you know
the little things that you can sit in your rack when you're like going
to your happy place it in a day I light Reese's cups you know I don't
even to offer but you know things like that definitely say a laptop
your phone which you know you keep on wifi you know watch movies
in your spare time I just things that you'd like us so you don't extras
of toiletries and things that you just you can't live without
but my big thing is uniforms liberty closed things to do in my spare
time that I thought you know enjoy doing and you know little snacks
and things of that nature